---
related: https://startr.cloud/privacy/
"#todo": 
layout: layouts/base.njk
---
# Sage Privacy & Security

At Sage.Education as part of the Startr LLC team, we understand that trust is built on safeguarding sensitive information. That's why we prioritize the security, privacy, and compliance of our users above all else. 

Sage.Education prioritizes user security and confidentiality. Rest assured that we do not collect or store sensitive information. We invest heavily in industry-leading security standards, cutting-edge infrastructure, and best practices to ensure our platform remains a secure and trusted environment for teachers and students alike.

Rest assured, your personal and student data is never shared or sold to third-party advertisers. 

Our commitment to protecting the privacy of teachers and students drives every decision we make. By championing security and transparency, we aim to provide a safe and supportive learning environment for all users.


***

Sage.Education’s mission is to help teachers engage their students through the power AI learning. We are humbled that millions of teachers and students like you trust Sage.Education every day. Earning your trust by ensuring your privacy and safety is therefore extremely important to us. Our [Policy](https://startr.cloud/privacy/) ("Privacy Policy" or the "Policy") a explains:

- What i[nformation Sage.Education collects from you](https://startr.cloud/privacy/#infocollect), why we collect it and on which legal grounds such collection is based.
- How we use and with whom we share that information. 
- The choices you have, including how to access, update, delete and, where applicable, retrieve your information. 

---
- [ ] #TODO Revise and review exposing sage.education’s own privacy policy

This [Policy](https://startr.cloud/privacy/) applies to all products and services offered by Sage.Education, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Sage.Education,” “we,” “us," “our,” also including our subsidiaries or affiliates). We have done our best to write it in simple, clear terms, and we encourage you to read it carefully, together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information about you, so that you are aware of how and why we are using such information. This Privacy Policy shall be supplemented by the [Data Processing Addendum](https://libs.edpuzzle.com/legal-docs/Edpuzzle_DPA%202024_July%20(SCC).pdf).pdf) #todo  where any of the following rules applies to your use of the Service: (A) the Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC, (“GDPR”); (B) the United Kingdom's European Union (Withdrawal) Act of 2018, which saves the GDPR into United Kingdom law (“UK GDPR”), or (C) the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act (“Swiss DPA”).If you have any questions, we are here to help. To learn more about how we protect your privacy, send us an email at privacy@Sage.Education.com #todo. BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.Personal information is any information you provide to us that personally identifies you, like your name or email address, or any other information which we could reasonably link to your identity. We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Policy applies whether you use Sage.Education through Sage.Education.com #todo  (the “Sage.Education Website”), our on-site applications #todo , your school's Learning Management Systems (LMS) with which Sage.Education has been integrated (e.g., Google Classroom, Canvas, Moodle, Schoology, etc.) or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Service”). In addition, this Privacy Policy also covers Sage.Education's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services might share with us.This Policy does not apply to websites, services or practices of companies that Sage.Education does not own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.g., social media buttons; third-party integrations) on the Service. These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information. At the end of this Privacy Policy under section [Which are Sage.Education's Third-Party Service Providers?](https://Sage.Education.com/privacy#security-measures) you will find a list with our third-party service providers and a link to their privacy policies, as well as an overview to how, why and under which conditions they might process your personal information.Additionally, in our commitment to protecting children's privacy, Sage.Education participates in the FTC-approved iKeepSafe “Safe Harbor” program. Sage.Education has been granted the iKeepSafe FERPA, COPPA and CSPC seals signifying that our website and apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children consistent with the iKeepSafe FERPA, COPPA and CSPC programs guidelines.Sage.Education is also a signatory of the Student Privacy Pledge, agreeing to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information. Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge [here](https://studentprivacypledge.org/privacy-pledge-2-0/).

# What is Sage.Education?

Sage.Education is a simple, easy-to-use AI platform that helps teachers engage their students. In the classroom, teachers use Sage.Education to give students video lessons that they watch through the Sage.Education Apps, Sage.Education Website or the school's LMS. If multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other. Beyond the classroom, teachers use Sage.Education to engage students at home and access this video learning anywhere. Sage.Education collects students' viewing history and quiz responses which teachers can view instantly.Students can create their own account, but can only tie that account to a class after they receive a unique code from their teacher. As further explained below in the "Consent" section of this Privacy Policy, if the school or teacher elects to utilize Sage.Education with students under a specific age, Sage.Education will rely on school consent to utilize the Service in an educational context with children, in accordance with both COPPA and FERPA regulations. No teachers or school members will be provided with a unique code for their students unless they consciously agree to this Policy, by reading and accepting the Privacy Policy notice given prior to signing up and in the verification email sent upon sign-up.

# Sage.Education Privacy Principles

## What are Sage.Education's principles when processing personal information?

In collecting and processing your personal information, we will comply with the data protection laws and regulations in force at the time. This requires that the personal information we hold about you must be:

- Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
- Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in a way that is incompatible with those purposes.
- Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
- Accurate and kept up-to-date.
- Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
- Kept securely.

## Why does Sage.Education collect personal information from its users and how is it used?

First and foremost, you should know that Sage.Education does not sell or rent any of your, or your students' personal information to any third party for any purpose, including for advertising or marketing purposes. We use the information we collect from you to provide the Service and offer the best Sage.Education experience possible. Concretely, the personal information of students and teachers is collected and used for the following purposes:

- To create the necessary accounts to use the Service.
- To provide teachers with analytics on student progress.
- To help teachers connect with other teachers from the same school or district.
- To send email updates to teachers, as applicable (e.g., by responding to your requests for information or customer support, or by sending you information about new features and Sage.Education products we believe you may be interested in).
- To send in-app and push notifications to users, if applicable (e.g., by letting students know if an assignment is due soon, or by notifying teachers when students have turned in their assignments).
- To assess the quality of the Service and, if permitted by applicable privacy regulations, improve it (e.g., by developing new products or features and improving your experience with the Service).
- To secure and safeguard personal information and our community.
- To ensure our Service is used in accordance with our Terms of Service or as required by law, to enhance its security and performance, and monitor and prevent fraudulent activity.
- To access premium features, if applicable.
- To comply with applicable laws and regulations.

## What are my rights when using Sage.Education?

Your rights relating to your personal information include:

- to be informed about how Sage.Education uses your personal information;
- to request access to personal information held by Sage.Education, and to have any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete personal information rectified;
- where appropriate, to restrict processing concerning you or to object to processing;
- to have personal information erased where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing; and
- where applicable, to portability of personal data, that is to say, to receive your personal information in a structured and commonly used format.

## Which are my responsibilities when using Sage.Education?

We require that your personal information is accurate. Please let us know if the personal information you provided us for creating your account has changed. If we do not have the correct information, we cannot take responsibility for information-related errors.Additionally, if we determine that you are in violation of this Policy, you will be subject to disciplinary action that could eventually lead to the banning of your account as foreseen in section “Account Bans” of our Terms of Service.

## What are Sage.Education’s commitments to providing transparency and choice?

We try to be transparent about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:

- Opt-out of providing certain information.
- Access and manage your account information by using the account settings within Sage.Education.
- Control whom you share information with.
- Remove information from Sage.Education.
- Retrieve information from Sage.Education, if applicable.

## Notice

When providing you with information on the processing of your personal information, such as its collection, transfer to other countries, types or identity of third parties to which we disclose that information and the purposes for which we do so, we will make sure that such information is provided in clear and understandable language. Also, initial notice on our practices and policies will be provided when you are first asked to provide personal information to us, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and in any event before we use the information for a purpose other than that for which it was originally collected.

## Change of Purpose

We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason which is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.

## Contract Performance

When, as a teacher or school representative, or when acting on behalf of a company or other organization, you create an Sage.Education account, you provide your first and last name and an email address. We require those data elements for you to enter into the [Terms of Service](https://Sage.Education.com/terms) Agreement with us, as such term is defined in the [Terms of Service](https://Sage.Education.com/terms) and we process those elements on the basis of performing that contract.

## Consent

If you are a teacher or school representative, or use the Service on behalf of a company or other organization, note that Sage.Education provides its Service upon explicit consent given by you when signing up. Prior to signing up, we will direct you to our [Terms of Service](https://Sage.Education.com/terms) and this Privacy Policy. When signing up, you will be declaring to have read such policies and to consent to them. Remember, nonetheless, that you will be able to withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your account in accordance with this Policy's [Managing My Information](https://Sage.Education.com/privacy#managing-my-information) section.EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS UTILIZING THE SERVICE MUST MONITOR THE RIGHTS AND INTERESTS OF THEIR STUDENTS AND MUST THEREFORE TAKE SPECIAL CARE WHEN REVIEWING THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Sage.Education SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY NEGLIGENCE OF THE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION IN THE REVIEWING OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. WHERE APPLICABLE AS PER PRIVACY REGULATIONS, PERTINENT CONSENT FROM PARENTS, LEGAL GUARDIANS OR ELIGIBLE STUDENTS PRIOR TO UTILIZING THE SERVICE MAY BE REQUIRED.U.S. Educational Institutions and Parental Consent: If you or your school decide to utilize the Service with students under the age of thirteen (13), COPPA requires to either obtain parental consent or for the school to consent on behalf of the children's parents, which is commonly referred to as "School Consent." At the same time, yet subject to exceptions, FERPA prohibits schools from disclosing personally identifiable information from a student's education record to a third party without written consent from the parent or eligible student. Typically, schools are exempted from obtaining parental consent under FERPA when Sage.Education is identified as a "school official," meaning Sage.Education is performing an institutional service or function for which the school would otherwise use its own employees. Sage.Education complies with both COPPA and FERPA regulations when it comes to parental consent required to utilize the Service in an educational context. To better understand how “School Consent” works when COPPA requires parental consent, and for further essential information regarding Sage.Education’s practices when collecting, using, and/or disclosing personal information from students, please review our [COPPA Direct Notice to Educational Institutions](https://libs.Sage.Education.com/legal-docs/Sage.Education_COPPA_direct_notice_to_educational_institutions_2024_July.pdf) . Please note, however, that the previous statements do not constitute legal advice, and we recommend you seek guidance from the school’s designated legal counsel if you have any concerns or inquiries regarding compliance with COPPA, FERPA, and other applicable privacy regulations.European Educational Institutions and GDPR: According to article 8 of the GDPR, minors shall be entitled to give valid consent only if they are 16 years old or older (unless Member States have set a lower age limit which, nonetheless, cannot be under 13 years old). Under that age limit, processing of personal information related to minors shall be subject to parental consent when consent is the lawful basis to process children’s education data. Similarly, in the UK, “information society services” must get parental consent for children under 13 (which is the age set by the UK in the Data Protection Act 2018) when they rely on consent instead of another lawful basis for the given processing. Schools are in control of their students’ personal information and are obliged to take all necessary measures for protecting said information. In terms of the GDPR, schools are data controllers and thus determine the purposes and means of the processing of student personal data. As a consequence, and as per GDPR/UK GDPR regulations, European educational institutions must inform students and their parents accordingly about what personal data is processed, the lawful basis for processing, which are the purposes of collection, how data is used, and to which third parties it is disclosed, including Sage.Education. Please note, however, that the previous statements do not constitute legal advice, and we recommend you seek guidance from the school’s designated Data Protection Officer/legal counsel if you have any concerns or inquiries regarding compliance with GDPR/UK GDPR and/or other applicable regulations.

## Legitimate Interests

Generally, the remainder of the processing of personal information we perform is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or those of third parties. For example, for legal compliance purposes or to maintain ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of Sage.Education's systems, website, and overall services, we must keep logs of technical information; and, in order to respond to legal process, we are required to keep records of users who have sent and received copyright takedown notices.As foreseen in the "Use Restrictions" and "Account Bans" sections of our[Terms of Service](https://Sage.Education.com/terms), the breach of certain rules in the use of the Service may lead to the suspension or indefinite ban of your account, depending on the severity of the offense. In the event of an indefinite account ban, Sage.Education may keep part of your personal information, such as, but not limited to, IP address and email address, to prevent you from accessing or using the Service.

## How will Sage.Education notify me of changes to this policy?

We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. You can see when the last update was made by looking at the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If we make any significant changes, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided and thereafter verified) prior to and after changes taking effect, so you can review and make sure you're aware of them.We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service. If you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may delete your account (although we will be sad to see you go!). By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.

# Protecting Our Students

## What information does Sage.Education collect from students, and how is it used?

Sage.Education collects the minimal amount of information from students necessary to create accounts on our Service: we ask students to provide a unique username, a unique email (the student email is only collected when using our Service through an LMS integration or Single Sign-On solution), a password, their first and last name and a unique code they have been given by their teacher to join a class. Beyond this information, students can also submit responses, comments, audios, images, or, if assigned a Student Project by their teacher, videos, all of which will remain private between teacher and student. In addition to the information entered by the student, we automatically collect some information from any use of our Service as set forth in the "Information Collected Automatically" section.We use this information to provide and improve (as permitted by applicable privacy regulations) the Service to the student, for security and safety purposes, or as required by law or to enforce our Terms. We will not require students to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in the Service. If we discover that we have collected information from a student in a manner inconsistent with COPPA, FERPA, GDPR, or any other applicable laws or regulations, we will take appropriate steps to delete the information. We do not disclose any personal information about children to third parties, except to third-party service providers necessary to provide the Service, as permitted by law, or to protect the security of the Service or other users. Information collected from students (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising, including any kind of first-party or third-party behaviorally targeted advertising, and children’s personal information is never sold or rented to anyone, including marketers or advertisers.Open Class feature: The term “Open Class” refers to a specific feature available only for teacher accounts that enables students to access the Sage.Education service through a student–teacher unique restricted session without providing any personal data. If the teacher creates an Open Class, students access the class through a unique code or link provided by their teacher. Teachers also have the choice to assign nicknames to students or opt for their random assignment by Sage.Education. In cases where the teacher assigns the nickname, teachers have the discretion to ensure that the assigned nickname is not directly associated with individual students. On the other hand, if Sage.Education handles the nickname assignment, the process ensures anonymization. As previously stated, the student enters the Open Class in a unique restricted session that is limited in functionality (the feature only allows the student to answer questions embedded in video lessons) and time (the unique session expires on assignment completion or after a period of seven (7) days of inactivity). Please note that joining an Open Class after assignment completion or expiration, even with the same nickname, will initiate a new restricted unique session. The restricted session is always private between student and teacher, and the student cannot see or interact with any user other than their teacher.

## What student’s information is visible to others?

No student’s profile or information is made available or visible to the public, or to any other students, through Sage.Education. Furthermore, student user accounts cannot interact with other student user accounts, nor can they interact with social media/networks. Interaction of student user accounts is limited to interaction with their logged-in teachers. Teachers may share their classes, including grades or scores, with other teachers they co-teach with in their school, to help them collaborate. If the teacher chooses to display Sage.Education in their classroom, either by utilizing the "live mode" feature of the Service or by projecting via a smartboard or interactive whiteboard, students physically present in that classroom may see other students’ names, responses, comments or total scores.EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS AND TEACHERS SHALL MAKE A RESPONSIBLE USE OF THE SERVICE AND AVOID COMPROMISING STUDENT'S PERSONAL INFORMATION AT ALL TIMES WHEN DISPLAYING Sage.Education IN THE CLASSROOM. Sage.Education SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR THE INAPPROPRIATE USE OF THE SERVICE BY THE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION OR THE TEACHER.

## How long does Sage.Education keep student’s information?

We only keep student personal information for as long as the student account is active, unless we are required by law to retain it, need it to ensure the security of our community or our Service, or to enforce our Terms of Service:

- Minimal information: Consistent with the requirements of FERPA and COPPA in the United States and of GDPR in Europe, among other applicable laws, we only collect, use, share, and retain student personal information for purposes for which we were authorized by the educational institution/agency, teacher or the student.
- Deleting inactive accounts: If a student’s account is inactive for eighteen (18) months or more (meaning the student has not logged-in to his or her account), Sage.Education will automatically delete the student account, including all personal information provided by the student or collected by Sage.Education from the student, as well as questions, responses or comments associated with the account. The mentioned eighteen (18) month term has been calculated in accordance with the estimated use of the Service, which usually coincides with an entire school year, plus an additional period of time in case teachers want to renew the use of the Service. If the day in which the account should be deleted does not exist in the corresponding month (e.g., last day of activity being the 30th of August and deletion programmed for February of the following year, which only has 28 or 29 days), deletion will be performed on the last day of the 18th month.
- Request for deletion: School officials may request deletion of student accounts at any time by reaching out to privacy@Sage.Education.com. Sage.Education shall be entitled to require assistance and collaboration from the educational institution as reasonably necessary in order to appropriately attend the deletion request.

After deletion of the student's account, Sage.Education may retain backup copies of the mentioned information for a maximum term of three (3) months as part of our disaster recovery protocols. Nevertheless, Sage.Education shall not be responsible for the accidental loss or destruction of data on behalf of users. Sage.Education will not be obliged to recover erased data stored in backups when erasure is attributable to users.EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS UTILIZING THE SERVICE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLYING WITH THE RETENTION OF STUDENT EDUCATION RECORDS FOR AS LONG AS LEGALLY APPLICABLE.Sage.Education SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ERASURE OF STUDENT PROGRESS DUE TO ACCOUNT DELETION AFTER AN EXTENDED PERIOD OF INACTIVITY OR BECAUSE OF THE TEACHERS' VOLUNTARY ELECTION TO DELETE THEIR ACCOUNTS.

## Parental Choices

Any parents that want copies of their children’s personal information that we may have stored can contact their children’s school personnel to that end. At any time, the school can also refuse to permit us to collect further personal information from its students, and can request that we delete the personal information we have collected from them by contacting us at privacy@Sage.Education.com. Please keep in mind that deleting records may require us to terminate the account in question. Also remember that before we can share the information with the school, or delete it per your request, we will, by reasonable means, proceed to verify the identity of the requester.

# Information Collected

## What information does Sage.Education collect?

We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide to us by using the Sage.Education Service (described below under "Information you provide to us"); (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under “Information collected automatically”); and (3) information obtained through third-party sources (further outlined in “Information Provided by Others”). The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether the user is a teacher or student (e.g. we collect minimal information from students) and how they use Sage.Education (e.g. if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).

## Information You Provide to Us

There are currently two categories of users on our Service: teachers and students. We collect and store the following types of information from each type of user:

- Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create an Sage.Education account as a teacher, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, password and profile photo (profile photos are optional). If you create an Sage.Education account as a student, you will be asked to enter your first name, last name, username, password and email (the student email is only collected when using our Service through an LMS integration or Single Sign-On solution). Teacher profiles information such as name and profile photo (if uploaded) may be viewed by other logged-in teachers.; however, no student profile or information is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
- Subject, School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, as part of the profile information you provide, you will be asked to indicate the subject you teach. You'll also be asked to choose to associate your account with an existing school or you may enter a new school name and possibly your school’s address if we do not have it already. To help us identify the school associated with your teacher account and determine the applicable privacy regulation, we process coarse location data (i.e., city level and/or country/region) for teacher user accounts. This information is never stored and is only used upon teacher sign-up. By connecting your teacher account with your school, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers within the same school such as sharing videos. Please see below section ‘Information Collected Automatically’ for further information on the processing of location information for both teacher and student user accounts.
- Class Information: As a teacher you will need to enter the grade level (e.g., first grade) and subject. You will have the opportunity to change the names and passwords of the students in your class (these may or may not be the student’s actual first and last names; it is entirely the teacher’s choice what they enter here: for example, teachers could enter ‘John S’, ‘John’, ‘JS’, or ‘Student 23’ to describe the same person). If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on Sage.Education with other teachers in their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class’s information. Only if the teacher chooses to share them with the class, will the other students in the class be able to watch others’ videos. Date and/or time in which students have joined a classroom will be recorded and made available to the teacher.
- Interactive Lessons: As a teacher you can upload your own videos (which may include your face or voice), record your voice (for small clarifications, warm introductions or replace the original audio) and add questions, comments or images at any point during the lesson. If this content is set as public, other teachers may use it to teach other students all around the world; however, students will only see the videos assigned to them by their teachers. We strongly encourage teachers to avoid including any Student’s Personal Information in their content, whether public or private.
- Responses, Grades and Feedback: As a student, you may have to write your own responses for open-ended questions included in your lessons. They can only be viewed by your teacher, as well as any grades - corresponding to either multiple choice or open ended questions - and any private messages exchanged with the teacher for further discussion about a specific response.
- Teacher Contact Information: When you choose to provide us with your personal information through the Service in some other manner (e.g., when you request a quote for upgrading to a "Pro Plan" at your school, when you submit a copyright claim or report any media on our platform, when you send us an email asking a question, submit a support request, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts with Sage.Education to improve the Service).
- Billing Information (only teachers): When subscribing to any of our "Pro Plan" options, you will be asked to provide necessary information for processing the payment (e.g., credit/debit card number). As further explained in the [Security Measures](https://Sage.Education.com/privacy#security-measures) section of this Privacy Policy, payments are processed over Stripe.

Our use of the information above is described in the "Why does Sage.Education collect personal information from its users and how is it used?" section. If you are using the Sage.Education App, we may ask you for certain permissions.

## Information Provided by Others

Only in teacher logged-in areas, teachers using the Services may invite others either by sharing a public link to Sage.Education on social media (e.g., X (formerly Twitter) or Facebook) or by providing us with the recipient’s email address. Non-user email addresses collected through this feature will be solely processed for the purpose of delivering an email invitation, and not be stored in our systems at any time.IT Admins administering the school’s channel will have the ability to invite teachers to Sage.Education via email. In such instances the email addresses provided by the school’s IT Admin will be retained for a maximum term of sixty (60) days and automatically removed from our systems thereafter.

## Information Collected Automatically

Like most web-based services, we (or our third-party service providers) may automatically receive and log information on our server logs from your browser or your device when you use the Service. For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to Sage.Education (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show). If you use Sage.Education on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices. If we do combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.The technologies and information we automatically collect include:

- Cookies and Other Similar Technologies: We (or our third-party service providers) may use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit our Service, including clear GIFs (also known as “web beacons”), “tags”, “scripts”, and “cookies”. We also make use of persistent secure cookies: a persistent cookie remains after you close your browser (although they can be removed) and may be used by your browser to identify you on subsequent visits to the Service. We may also use, collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5). Like many services, Sage.Education uses these technologies to tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you - for example, by remembering your language preferences. Please review our[Cookie Policy](https://libs.Sage.Education.com/legal-docs/Cookie%20Policy%20%28August%202022%29.pdf) for further information.
- Device Information: We collect, through our third-party analytics services, device-specific information such as your operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers. This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve Sage.Education for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you’ve opted in to receive them.
- Log Information: Like most online services, when you use our Service, we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs. This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next - for example, by showing which features are most (or least!) popular. Examples include:
    
    - Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service, and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Sage.Education Website or Sage.Education App.
    - IP Address.
    - Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
    
- Location Information: for teacher accounts, we only process coarse location data (i.e., city-level and/or country/region) to (i) help us narrow down and correctly associate the teacher account with the corresponding school; and/or (ii) determine the privacy regulation applicable to the teacher account.. Additionally, to monitor and prevent fraudulent activity in our Service, we only process coarse location data (i.e. country/region) from student users. Location information is never stored and is only used as outlined in this Policy. Sage.Education never collects or processes precise geolocation information (i.e. sufficient to identify street name and name of city/town) from any user, and we will not store or track your device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
- Learning Management System (LMS) Interfaces and other integrations: When accessing Sage.Education through your institution, company or organization's LMS (e.g., Google Classroom, Microsoft Teams, Blackboard, Canvas or Moodle, among others), or other collaborative services with which Sage.Education may be integrated (e.g., Clever), for authentication purposes we may collect and process information related to this kind of use of the Service, such as your school user ID, your profile picture, information on the LMS interface and the LTI version used and/or your school domain name.

## Automated Decision Making and Profiling

Automated Decision Making (ADM) refers to a decision which is taken solely on the basis of automated processing of your personal data. This means processing using, for example, software code or an algorithm, which does not require human intervention.Profiling means using automated processes without human intervention (such as computer programmes) to analyze your personal information in order to evaluate your behavior or to predict things about you which are relevant in the context of using Sage.Education, such as what kind of videos you used.As profiling uses automated processing, it is sometimes connected with automated decision-making. Not all profiling results in automated decision-making, but it can.If you are a teacher, we may use profiling or other forms of automated processing to show you personalized content and make recommendations through the web and/or email based on, but not limited to, your usage, subject area, school and country.If you are a student (or the parent or legal guardian of a student), we may use profiling or other forms of automated processing to provide your teacher or teachers with analytics on your progress, depending on the videos you have watched and responses to quizzes you have submitted.

## Information not collected

Special Category Data or Sensitive Personal InformationPrivacy regulations worldwide tend to recognize certain categories of personal data that, due to their nature, require more stringent protection. In the US, for example, these are usually referred to as “sensitive” personal information/data, while in Europe they are referred to as “special category data”. If you are in the US, please refer to the sections below “US State Privacy Notice/Disclosure” and “California “Notice at Collection”” for further information on the collection, use, and disclosure of sensitive personal information/data in the US. Sage.Education does not process special category data as such term is defined by GDPR.

Parents' DataAdditionally, Sage.Education does not process data from parents of student users, and therefore we do not engage in any marketing communications with them.

## How long does Sage.Education keep information about me?

We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Services to you and others, including those described above. As a general rule, if your account is inactive for eighteen (18) months or more (meaning you have not logged into your account during that time), Sage.Education will automatically delete your account. Deletion will affect any on-going paid subscriptions, which will be immediately canceled. Following deletion, Sage.Education may retain specific portions of data in the terms outlined in section "How can I delete my account?" of this Privacy Policy. In addition to the policy above that applies to all users, we only keep a student’s personal information while the student’s account is active, unless we are required by law to retain it or need it to ensure the security of our community or our Service, or to enforce our Terms.

# Security Measures

We work hard to ensure the security of your data. As a result, we are SOC 2 Type II certified. Please visit our Trust Center for additional information on Sage.Education’s security measures.

## Will Sage.Education share any information it collects?

As stated in previous sections Sage.Education does not sell or rent your, or your students' personal information to any third party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes. Furthermore, we do not share personal information with any third parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy:

- Other Users You Share and Communicate with on Sage.Education: No student profiles are made available to the general public through our Service. Furthermore, students cannot share their account information with anyone on Sage.Education. If you are a teacher you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other Sage.Education teachers - for example, things like your account information or videos. Please keep in mind that information (including personal information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including other Sage.Education users you interact with through the Service can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with. We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information.
- Third-party Integrations on Our Service: When, as a teacher, you use third-party apps, websites or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about the content you post or share. For example, when you invite others via Facebook or X (formerly Twitter), these services receive the information that you share through this functionality, and that you are sharing it from Sage.Education. Information collected by these apps, websites or integrated services is subject to their own terms and policies, and under no circumstances will Sage.Education be responsible for any content that may be shared, retrieved, or developed as a consequence of using such integrations.
- YouTube: Similarly, when using the YouTube API to watch lessons streaming from YouTube, teachers may see contextual advertisements on said lessons. At Sage.Education we take students' privacy very seriously. That's why when students watch a video on Sage.Education, they'll be streaming either from the YouTube Player for Education, or the YouTube “no cookie” domain, rather than streaming videos directly from https://www.youtube.com. You can learn more about the YouTube Player for Education [here](https://blog.youtube/news-and-events/the-next-chapter-for-learning-on-youtube/) and about our partnership with YouTube [here](https://Sage.Education.com/press/Sage.Education-partners-with-youtube).
- Third-Party Service Providers: We do work with vendors, third-party service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf - we can’t build everything ourselves, after all! We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform specific business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security. Generally, these third-party service providers do not have the right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. Additionally, these third-party service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations that are consistent with this Privacy Policy.
- Distributors, Resellers and other Partners: We may, now or in the future, work with distributors, resellers and other partners to assist in the commercialization and sale of our products in your country or region. In such cases, we may share information (e.g., contact information you submitted with your request for a quote) with them to provide you with appropriate assistance and/or services.
- Testimonials: We post testimonials on our Service which may contain personal information such as the name, photo and/or a video of the individual in the testimonial. We obtain the individual’s consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly. To request removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@Sage.Education.com.
- Analytics Services: We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used. These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
- Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly, including with uselmrs, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how Sage.Education is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for Sage.Education. Any aggregated information shared this way will not contain any personal information. If we choose to share this information with any third party, we will take necessary measures to ensure that the third party agrees not to engage in re-identification or the combination of Non-Identifying Information with other data sets that may pose a risk of re-identification.
- Legal Requirements: We may disclose personal information if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process. We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Sage.Education, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our [Terms of Service](https://Sage.Education.com/terms) or other applicable agreements. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection or responding to government requests. Parent Companies and/or Affiliates: We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control by us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
- Parent Companies and/or Affiliates: We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control by us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
- Change of Control: In the event that all or a portion of Sage.Education or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third party, personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third party. This Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy). We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, and by email to your email address that you provided to us, and thereafter verified. If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, you may request its deletion from the company. In the unlikely event that Sage.Education goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third party.
- With your Consent: Other than the cases above, we won’t disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it. Additionally, as discussed above, we will never sell or rent your personal information to advertisers or other third parties.

## Do Not Track

Sage.Education does not track its users over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. For more information on “do not track,” please visit www.allaboutdnt.org.Third parties that have content embedded on our website, such as a social feature, may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Sage.Education website from a certain IP address. Third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from Sage.Education’s website unless you provide it to them directly.

## Which are Sage.Education's Third-Party Service Providers?

It is important to us that we keep your information safe and secure. To best provide our services, and keep your information safe, we work with a few other companies (we can’t do it all ourselves!). These companies ("third-party service providers", "collaborators" or "agents") will only have access to the information they need to provide the Sage.Education service.Below is a list of the third-party service providers which, subject to their terms of service and privacy policies as linked below, may have access to personal data of teachers and/or students, depending on the service and/or the context (e.g., Salesforce has no access to student data) to process on our behalf in accordance with our instructions, Privacy Policy and any other requirements regarding confidentiality, security or integrity:

- [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/) for hosting and managing Sage.Education’s infrastructure, and for product/service functionality support and improvement
- [Appcues](https://appcues.com/privacy/) to measure user interaction with our service.
- [Coconut.co](https://coconut.co/tos) for video encoding
- [Commerce Sync](https://www.commercesync.com/terms-of-service) for synchronizing Stripe payments with Quickbooks.
- [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/terms/) for monitoring the performance of our service.
- [Google Services](https://policies.google.com/?hl=en-US) for analytics on our website ("Google Analytics") and for mobile analytics ("Fabric").
- [Clari, Inc.](https://www.clari.com/privacy) (formerly Groove Labs, Inc.) for customer engagement.
- [Hubspot](https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy) as a customer relation management (CRM) service.
- [iPapi](https://ipapi.com/privacy) for coarse location (IP address location API)
- [Mixpanel](https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/) for analytics on our websites.
- [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/legal/privacy-policy) for securely storing, organizing and searching for data.
- [MtCaptcha](https://www.mtcaptcha.com/legal-privacy-captcha) for spam and abuse protection.
- [NewRelic](https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy) for analytics on our websites.
- [OpenAI](https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy) for certain AI-enabled functionalities of the Sage.Education Teacher Assist service.
- [Oracle](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/global/privacy/) for invoice management.
- [Salesforce](https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/) for customer management.
- [Stripe](https://stripe.com/privacy) as a payment processing service.
- [Subscript](https://www.subscript.com/privacy-policy) for tracking revenue metrics.
- [Zendesk](https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/) for organizing and handling support requests.

This list may change over time, and we will work hard to keep it up-to-date. However, disclosure of your personal information to additional third parties or use of it for different purposes than those indicated in this Privacy Policy shall only be done after notifying you all necessary information on any key elements affecting the processing of your personal data, either by directly emailing you with it or by updating this Policy and giving appropriate notice of it. You will then have the right to exercise an 'opt out' choice if your personal information is about to be used and/or disclosed in a way that you believe is not consistent with this Policy.

## Accountability for Onward Transfer

We will transfer your personal information to third-party service providers only for limited and specific purposes. We will obtain from them contractual assurances that they will safeguard personal information in a manner consistent with this Policy and that they will provide the same level of protection as per best industry standards. We recognize our responsibility and potential liability for onward transfers to third-party service providers. Where we have knowledge that they are using or disclosing personal information in a manner contrary to this Policy and/or level of protection as required by applicable laws and regulations, we will take reasonable steps to prevent, remediate or stop such use or disclosure. If we transfer personal information to non-agent third parties, that is to say, any new collaborators that are not included in the previously mentioned list, we will (1) notify you with all necessary information on any key elements affecting the processing of your personal data, and (2) obtain contractual assurance from these parties that they will provide the same level of security as per best industry standards and in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.

## How does Sage.Education protect and secure my information?

Your Sage.Education account is protected by a password. You can help us protect your account from unauthorized access by keeping your password secret at all times. The security of your personal information is important to us. We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure of or access to personal information, such as:

- Security Protocols: We periodically review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to protect against unauthorized access to systems.
- Security Technology: We continually develop and implement features to keep your personal information safe. When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, including personal information, we encrypt the transmission of that information with, at least, TLS v1.2 and v1.3 for all data in transit. Additionally, it is encrypted at rest with no less than AES256-CBC (256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard in Cipher Block Chaining mode).
- We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing.
- Employee Access: We use best-effort practices to secure usernames, passwords and any other means of gaining access to users data. All employees sign confidentiality agreements and pass criminal background checks.
- Employee Training: We provide periodic security training to those employees that operate or have access to users’ data.

## How would Sage.Education deal with a security breach?

Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems as per best industry standards, no practices are 100% immune, and we can’t guarantee the security of information. Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.

- Initial Notice: Upon the discovery of a security breach that results in the unauthorized release, disclosure or acquisition of personal information, we will notify electronically, no later than forty-eight (48) hours of such discovery to all affected users, schools and districts so that you can take appropriate protective steps. This initial notice will include, to the extent known at the time of the notification, the date and time of the breach, its nature and extent, and the Service’s plan to investigate and remediate the breach. Schools and districts will also be provided with a list of students and employees whose data was released, disclosed or acquired.
- Detailed Notification: Upon discovery of a breach, we will conduct a deep investigation in order to electronically provide, no later than five (5) calendar days, all affected users, schools and districts with a more detailed notice of the breach, including but not limited to the date and time of the breach; nature and extent of the breach; and measures taken to ensure that such breach does not occur in the future. Schools and districts will also be provided with the name(s) of student(s) and employee(s) whose data was released, disclosed or acquired. We may also post a notice on our homepage (Sage.Education.com) and, depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. When it is not possible to provide all of the aforementioned information at the same time, we will provide you with the remaining information without undue further delay.

Both notifications will be written in plain language, will be titled “Notice of Data Breach” and will present the information described above under the following heading: “What Happened,” “What Information Was Involved,” “What We Are Doing,” “What You Can Do” and “For More Information”. Additional information may be provided as a supplement to the notice.

# Managing My Information

## How can I access and manage my personal information?

Upon request and in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, we will grant you reasonable access to your personal information that is held by Sage.Education. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to permit you to correct, amend, or delete your personal information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate, incomplete or processed in violation of this Privacy Policy. It is Sage.Education's goal to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you. If that information is incorrect, we also want to make sure to give you easy ways to update it, or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legal purposes.

- Accessing Your Information: To request access to the personal information we have about you on file, any school personnel can contact us at privacy@Sage.Education.com. In some cases, we will not be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions; for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us. Furthermore, we may not be able to fulfill requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort or would be extremely impractical.
- Updating Your Information: You may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on Sage.Education and accessing your account settings page. You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us. To that end, any school official can contact us at privacy@Sage.Education.com. Please note that while your changes may be reflected promptly in active content, users that have previously accessed the content may still have access to old copies cached on their device or may have copied and stored your content. In addition, we may retain a backup copy of the prior version for a limited period of time (maximum three (3) months) or for legal purposes.
- Limitations: Without prejudice to the aforementioned, please note that we may limit or deny access to personal information (a) where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy; (b) where the legitimate rights of persons other than you would be violated or if necessary to safeguard important countervailing public interests (e.g., national security) or in other limited circumstances (e.g., disclosure would breach a legal privilege), and (c) where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all of the personal information that we hold about you. In addition, the personal information may have been destroyed, erased or made anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. In the event that we cannot provide you with access to your personal information, we will endeavor to inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.

## How can I delete my account?

We hope you will love using Sage.Education now and always. However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account, you may do so by logging into your account and accessing your account profile page. Parents, legal guardians, (or eligible students) may request to delete their child’s student account by contacting the educational institution. School officials may then request student account deletion by reaching out to us at privacy@Sage.Education.com, as indicated in section ‘How long does Sage.Education keep student information?’ above. Sage.Education SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REQUIRE ASSISTANCE AND COLLABORATION FROM YOU OR YOUR EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION AS REASONABLY NECESSARY IN ORDER TO APPROPRIATELY ATTEND ANY ACCOUNT DELETION REQUESTS.When we delete your account, we delete any personal information that you provided in your profile (such as your name, username, password, email address, and profile photo) and depending on the category of the user you are (i.e., teacher or student) , also questions, responses and comments. Please note that information that you have shared with others, that others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.We may retain and use de-identified data (i.e., data which has been stripped off of all information that can be used to identify a person) for purposes of research, improvement of our products and services, and/or the development of new products and services. We will not, and it is also contractually agreed upon by our third-party service providers, re-identify or attempt to re-identify any de-identified data. We may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms of Service. Part of your personal information will also remain in our possession as a copy or backup that is part of our disaster recovery storage system. However, such copies and backups will be kept for a maximum term of three (3) months and they will neither be accessible to the public, nor used by Sage.Education in the normal course of business.

## Student Data Control by the School

Access to the Service by the students is subject to the student receiving a specific code provided by the teacher. The school is, at the same time, responsible for its students' personal information and in control of student academic records. As a consequence, modification or deletion of student personal information that is part of or affects student academic records is subject to the school's discretion.

## Co-teaching

In a co-teaching setting, all teachers are considered equally responsible and accountable for the class. Responsibility for the modification or deletion of student information, or grading of assignments among any other related features shall be exclusively of the teachers.Sage.Education SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DELETION OF THE CLASS OR PART OF ITS CONTENT, OR FOR THE ERASURE OR DELETION OF STUDENT PROGRESS OR STUDENT ACCOUNTS, BY ANY OF THE TEACHERS PARTICIPATING IN THE CO-TEACHING CLASS.For further information on co-teaching, please review the “Co-Teaching” section of our [Terms of Service](https://Sage.Education.com/terms).

# Consumer Complaints

## How can I lodge any complaints?

You may file a complaint concerning Sage.Education's processing of your personal data to privacy@Sage.Education.com or by regular mail to the following address:Av. Pau Casals 16, Pral. 1-A  
08021 Barcelona, Spain  
Attention: Data Protection OfficerWe will take steps to remedy issues arising out of Sage.Education's alleged failure to comply with the principles set out in this Privacy Policy. We will respond to your complaints within thirty (30) days.If your complaint cannot be resolved through our internal processes, we will direct you to the state or national data protection authority in the jurisdiction where you reside.

## EEA/UK/Switzerland Individuals

European Economic Area (EEA)/UK/Swiss individuals will have the right to lodge a complaint to the corresponding EU Data Protection Authorities, the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) or the Swiss Federal Data and Information Commissioner (FDPIC), as applicable. Sage.Education will comply with the advice of competent authorities in such cases, and will provide appropriate recourse free of charge.Sage.Education is also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission.

## Consumer Complaints under COPPA (iKeepSafe)

If you have any complaints related to our Privacy Policy or practices in relation to COPPA compliance, please do not hesitate to contact the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program at COPPAprivacy@ikeepsafe.org

## Liability

In the event that Sage.Education or the aforementioned authorities determine that Sage.Education failed to comply with this Policy, Sage.Education will take appropriate steps to address any adverse effects arising directly from such failure and to promote future compliance.

# European Economic Area/UK

## Appointed EU and UK Representatives

We have appointed Sage.Education BCN, S.L., as our representative in the European Union (EU), pursuant to article 27 of the GDPR, and who you may address if you are located in the EU to raise any issues or queries you may have relating to our processing of your Personal Data and/or this Privacy Policy.Our EU representative may be reached at the following address:Av. Pau Casals 16, Pral. 1-A  
08021 Barcelona, Spain  
privacy@Sage.Education.com  
Attention: Data Protection OfficerResidents from the United Kingdom (UK) may reach out to GDPR Local Ltd., which has been appointed as Sage.Education’s representative in the UK, at the following physical and electronic addresses:1st Floor Front Suite 27-29 North Street,   
Brighton England BN1 1EB  
contact@gdprlocal.com  
Attention: Adam Brogden

## International Transfers of Personal Data

As part of a global organization, Sage.Education operates both within and outside the EEA, and from time to time we may transfer your data for processing in a territory outside the EEA that does not have the same statutory levels of data protection.When transferring data for processing in a country outside of your jurisdiction, and except for transfers of EU/UK/Swiss data subjects’ information to the United States, as explained below, the terms of the [Data Processing Addendum](https://libs.Sage.Education.com/legal-docs/Sage.Education_DPA%202024_July%20(SCC).pdf) , which incorporate either, as applicable to the EU, the UK and Switzerland, respectively, (A) the [Standard Contractual Clauses ("SCC")](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/dec_impl/2021/914/oj?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914) approved by the European Commission, (B) the applicable standard data protection clauses adopted pursuant to Article 46(2)(c) or (d) of the UK GDPR, or (C) the standard data protection clauses issued, approved or recognized by the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, shall rule the transfer of data in order to ensure that your information is made subject to adequate levels of protection.

## Transfers of Data to the United States

Sage.Education is headquartered and hosted in the United States, as well as most of our third-party service providers (see section Security Measures for further information on Sage.Education’s third-party service providers and the purpose of transfer and processing). Hence, personal data we collect from you will be transferred to and processed in the United States.Transfers EU/EEA - United States: Sage.Education relies on the EU-US Data Privacy Framework as a legal basis for transfers of personal data from the EU to the United States.Transfers UK - US:: Sage.Education relies on the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework as a legal basis to transfers of personal information from the UK and Gibraltar to the United States.Transfers Switzerland-US: Sage.Education will rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework, as a legal basis to transfer personal information from Switzerland to the United States once the Adequacy Decision is approved by the Swiss supervisory authority.For more information, please see below our Data Privacy Framework Notice.

## Data Privacy Framework Notice

Sage.Education, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.Sage.Education, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Sage.Education, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (collectively "Principles"), the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit [https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/](https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list).Sage.Education is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfers it to its third party service providers (onward transfers). Sage.Education complies with the Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Sage.Education’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.In certain situations, Sage.Education may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Sage.Education commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Sage.Education at the following addresses.EU/Swiss individuals contact our EU representative at the following address:Av. Pau Casals 16, Pral. 1-A  
08021 Barcelona, Spain  
privacy@Sage.Education.com   
Attention: Data Protection Officer  
UK individuals contact GDPR Local Ltd., which has been appointed as Sage.Education’s representative in the UK, at the following physical and electronic addresses:1st Floor Front Suite 27-29 North Street,   
Brighton England BN1 1EB   
contact@gdprlocal.com   
Attention: Adam Brogden In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Sage.Education commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.Sage.Education will cooperate and comply with the advice of competent authorities in such cases, and will provide appropriate recourse free of charge.For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Additional information is available on the official DPF website.

# United States (US)

## COPPA Direct Notice to Educational Institutions

To better understand how “school consent” works when COPPA requires parental consent, and for further essential information regarding Sage.Education’s practices when collecting, using, and/or disclosing personal information from students, please review our [COPPA Direct Notice to Educational Institutions](https://libs.Sage.Education.com/legal-docs/Sage.Education_COPPA_direct_notice_to_educational_institutions_2024_July.pdf).

## US State Privacy Notice/Disclosure

In the US, some state legislatures have enacted privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures. This section contains privacy information required by the states of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Iowa, and is relevant to you if you are a resident of said states. If you are a resident of California, please see sections below.For information on the categories of personal data being collected and the purposes for which the data will be used, please see sections “Information Collected” and “Why does Sage.Education collect personal information from its users and how is it used?”. For information on how you can exercise your privacy rights, please refer to section “Managing My Information”. Please review section “Which are Sage.Education's Third-Party Service Providers?” to know the third-parties with whom we share personal data.Privacy regulations in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Iowa consider personal data collected from a child as “sensitive data”. At the same time, they consider the processing of children’s personal data compliant with privacy regulations if in compliance with COPPA. As stated earlier, Sage.Education collects, uses and/or discloses personal information from students in compliance with COPPA. Please read our [COPPA Direct Notice to Educational Institutions](https://libs.Sage.Education.com/legal-docs/Sage.Education_COPPA_direct_notice_to_educational_institutions_2024_July.pdf) to better understand Sage.Education’s practices when collecting, using, and/or disclosing personal information from students.

## A4L / Student Data Privacy Consortium (SDPC)

For districts that are part of a State Alliance within the Student Data Privacy Consortium (“SDPC”), please forward your State Alliance's National Data Privacy Agreement (“NDPA”) to privacy@Sage.Education.com. Sage.Education will then review the document and propose any necessary revisions through Exhibit H.Sage.Education has already completed the execution of state-specific NDPAs, including an Exhibit E, across multiple states. Should you be interested, you have the option to subscribe to an originator NDPA by signing its Exhibit E. To ensure that Exhibit E is correctly executed, please follow the SDPC guidelines here.

# California

## California AB 1584

Regarding California AB 1584 (Buchanan) Privacy of Pupil Records: 3rd-Party Digital Storage & Education Software (Education Code section 49073.1), Sage.Education will adhere to the following:

- Student records obtained by Sage.Education from an educational institution continue to be the property of and under the control of the educational institution. The educational institution retains full ownership rights of the personal information and education records it provides to Sage.Education.
- Sage.Education users may retain possession and control of their own generated content by signing into and accessing their Sage.Education account and deleting, where applicable, modifying or updating their information within Sage.Education. Students have access to and control of their own information and student-generated content subject to the limitations imposed by the student’s teacher.
- Sage.Education will not use any information in a student record for any purpose other than those required or specifically permitted by Sage.Education’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
- Parents, legal guardians, or eligible students may review personally identifiable information in the student’s records and correct erroneous information by contacting their educational institution. Additionally, Sage.Education users may access, correct, update, or delete personal information in their profile by signing into Sage.Education, accessing their Sage.Education account, and making the appropriate changes.
- Sage.Education is committed to maintaining the security and confidentiality of student records. Towards this end, we take the following actions: (a) we limit employee access to student data to only those employees with a need to such access to fulfill their job responsibilities; (b) we conduct background checks on our employees that may have access to student data; (c) we conduct regular employee privacy and data security training and education; and (d) we protect personal information with technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security safeguards in order to protect against unauthorized access, release or use.
- In the event of an unauthorized disclosure of a student’s records, Sage.Education will promptly notify users unless specifically directed not to provide such notification by law enforcement officials. Notification shall identify: (i) the date and nature of the unauthorized use or disclosure; (ii) the private data used or disclosed; (iii) a general description of what occurred including who made the unauthorized use or received the unauthorized disclosure; (iv) what Sage.Education has done or shall do to mitigate any effect of the unauthorized use or disclosure; (v) what corrective action Sage.Education has taken or shall take to prevent future similar unauthorized use or disclosure; and (vi) who at Sage.Education the user can contact. Sage.Education will keep the User fully informed until the incident is resolved.
- Sage.Education will delete or de-identify personal information when it is no longer needed, upon expiration or termination of our agreement with an educational institution with any deletion or de-identification to be completed according to the terms of our agreement with the educational institution, or at the direction or request of the educational institution.
- Sage.Education agrees to work with educational institutions to ensure compliance with FERPA and the Parties will ensure compliance by providing parents, legal guardians or eligible students with the ability to inspect and review student records and to correct any inaccuracies therein as described in statement (4) above.
- Sage.Education prohibits using personally identifiable information in student records to engage in targeted advertising.

## California “Notice at Collection” (CCPA, as amended by the CPRA)

This Notice at Collection is provided to you in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”). The CCPA requires businesses to give consumers certain information in a “notice at collection” containing the following information:

- What categories of personal information does Sage.Education collect? Please refer to our Privacy Policy, section “Information Collected”.
- Does Sage.Education collect “sensitive personal information” as such term is defined by the CCPA? Under the CCPA, “sensitive personal information” is a specific subset of personal information that includes, among others, account log-in information in combination with required access codes, passwords, etc. If you are a California resident, Sage.Education does not process sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed in CCPA regulations (11 CCR § 7027(m)).
- For what purposes will personal information be used? Please refer to our Privacy Policy, section “Why does Sage.Education collect personal information from its users and how is it used?.”
- Does Sage.Education sell or rent personal information? No, Sage.Education does not sell or rent any of your, or your students', personal information to any third party for any purpose, including for advertising or marketing purposes.

# New York

## New York Ed. Law § 2-D

In compliance with the requirements set forth in New York Education Law § 2-D, Sage.Education shall incorporate a Data Privacy and Security Plan ("DPSP") to each contract or other written agreement it enters into with an educational agency from the State of New York. Such DPSP shall outline how all state, federal, and local data security and privacy contract requirements will be implemented over the life of the agreement, consistent with the educational agency's policy on data security and privacy. Such plan shall also include, but shall not be limited to, a signed copy of the parents bill of rights for data privacy and security, which shall be provided by the educational agency prior to the commencement of the agreement, and a requirement that any officers or employees of Sage.Education and its assignees who have access to student, teacher or principal data have received or will receive training on the federal and state law governing confidentiality of such data prior to receiving access.In attention to the foregoing, Sage.Education hereby commits to:

- (1) limit internal access to education records to those individuals that are determined to have legitimate educational interests (e.g., Sage.Education employees or third-party service providers);
- (2) not use the education records for any other purposes than those explicitly authorized in the Agreement (i.e., our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy);
- (3) except for authorized representatives of Sage.Education to the extent they are carrying out the agreement, not disclose any personally identifiable information to any other party: (i) without the prior written consent of the parent or eligible student; or (ii) unless required by statute or court order and Sage.Education provides a notice of the disclosure to the department, district board of education, or institution that provided the information no later than the time the information is disclosed, unless providing notice of the disclosure is expressly prohibited by the statute or court order;
- (4) maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of personally identifiable student information in its custody;
- (5) use encryption technology to protect data while in motion or in its custody from unauthorized disclosure using a technology or methodology specified by the secretary of the United States department of health and human services in guidance issued under Section 13402(H)(2) of Public Law 111-5; and
- (6) notify the educational agency, in the most expedient way possible and without unreasonable delay, but no more than seven (7) calendar days after the discovery of such breach, of any breach of security resulting in an unauthorized release of student, teacher or principal data, as outlined in applicable State and Federal laws.

The NY State Education Department makes available to educational agencies a Model Data Privacy Agreement. If you wish to use this Model Data Privacy Agreement, please forward it to privacy@Sage.Education.com. Sage.Education will then review the document and propose any necessary revisions.

# Other Countries

Sage.Education is hosted in the United States. If you use the Service from any other regions with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that your personal information will be transferred outside of those jurisdictions to the United States. By using the Service, you expressly consent to this, and to the use and storage of personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Sage.Education will make sure that all appropriate physical, technical and organizational safeguards are adopted in accordance with this Privacy Policy against accidental, unauthorized or unlawful destruction, loss alteration, disclosure, access, use or processing of users' personal information in Sage.Education's possession. Sage.Education will promptly notify the user in the event of any known unauthorized access to, or use of, the user's personal information as foreseen in the [Security Measures](https://Sage.Education.com/privacy#security-measures) section of this Privacy Policy.


